README.md, before:

# Reci

**A personal recipe video library built for my family and me.**

I built this because I kept finding amazing recipes on YouTube, TikTok, and Instagram, saving them to playlists or screenshots, and then completely forgetting about them. My family and I would stumble upon great recipes on social media, but we never actually used them because they were buried in playlists or lost in photo albums. I don't think that is a problem unique to me...

Reci attempts to solve that problem by turning recipe videos into a searchable, organized collection that we actually use.

## Why I Built This

Most recipe managers expect you to manually type in ingredients, categorize everything, and maintain your own database. That's too much work. I wanted something that my family actually wanted to engage with, KISS:

- **Works with video content**: Built specifically for recipe videos from YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, etc. Just paste a URL and it handles the rest.
- **Actually extracts recipes**: Uses AI to watch the video, read the comments, and extract everything—ingredients, instructions, tags, even cooking tips from the community. No manual data entry.
- **Easy to add**: The whole point is making it effortless to save recipes we find. Paste a URL, done.
- **Everyoen Shares Recipies**: A recipy added is visible and editable by all users, perfect for family and friends.
- **Easy to search**: Find recipes by ingredient ("what can I make with chicken and tomatoes?"), cuisine type, tags, or just browse. The recipes are actually discoverable.
- **Smart shopping lists**: Select multiple recipes and get a consolidated shopping list with ingredients grouped by category. Share it with family members.
- **Metric by default**: Automatically converts everything to metric units. No more "how many grams is 2 cups of flour?" moments.
- **Shareable**: Generate shareable links for shopping lists. Perfect for meal planning with family.

## What Makes This Different

**vs. Paprika/AnyList/RecipeBox**: Those are great for typed recipes, but they don't understand video content. Reci extracts recipes directly from video descriptions and comments.

**vs. YouTube Playlists**: Playlists are just links. Reci extracts the actual recipe data, making it searchable and usable even if the video gets deleted. Also can just contain youtube links.

**vs. Pinterest**: Pinterest is visual discovery, but terrible for actually cooking. Reci gives you structured ingredients and instructions, not just pretty pictures.

## Tech Stack

Built with TypeScript, React, and Vite. Uses shadcn/ui components for the UI, Prisma for the database, and OpenAI's API for recipe analysis. Backend is Express with PostgreSQL. Everything runs in Podman containers.

## Deployment

### Prerequisites

- Podman or Docker
- PostgreSQL database
- OpenAI API key (for recipe analysis)

### Environment Variables

**Backend** (`.env`):
```env
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://user:password@host:5432/reci_db"
OPENAI_API_KEY="your-openai-api-key"
JWT_SECRET="your-jwt-secret"
JWT_EXPIRES_IN="7d"
PORT=4000
```

**Frontend** (`.env`):
```env
VITE_API_BASE_URL=""
```

### Installation

1. **Clone the repo:**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/evolite/reci.git
cd reci
```

2. **Build and run with Podman:**
```bash
# Build images
podman build -t localhost/reci-backend:latest ./backend
podman build -t localhost/reci-frontend:latest ./frontend

# Start services
systemctl --user start reci-backend.service
systemctl --user start reci-frontend.service
systemctl --user start reci-db.service
```

Or with Docker:
```bash
# Build images
docker build -t reci-backend:latest ./backend
docker build -t reci-frontend:latest ./frontend

# Run with docker-compose or your preferred orchestration
```

Pre-built images are available on GitHub Container Registry:
- `ghcr.io/evolite/reci-backend:latest`
- `ghcr.io/evolite/reci-frontend:latest`

## Contributing

This is a personal project.

## License

MIT - Do whatever you want with it.

---

**Built for my family and me, for people who love cooking but hate organizing recipes.**

*This project was vibe coded. I make no guarantees about code quality, security, or reliability. That said i have used SonarQube in an attempt to validate quality, Use at your own risk anyway.*

Commit message:

Fix admin panel and nginx configuration
- Combine admin invites and settings into single AdminPanelPage with tabs
- Fix authentication middleware in settings route (add authenticate before requireAdmin)
- Fix nginx proxy to use container name directly (reci-backend:4000)
- Fix settings error handling to not show error when setting doesn't exist
- Update README to document nginx usage
- Remove self-host section from landing page
- Update landing page cards to full height with tags display
- Add tabs component for admin panel navigation

README.md, after:

# Reci

**A personal recipe video library built for my family and me.**

I built this because I kept finding amazing recipes on YouTube, TikTok, and Instagram, saving them to playlists or screenshots, and then completely forgetting about them. My family and I would stumble upon great recipes on social media, but we never actually used them because they were buried in playlists or lost in photo albums. I don't think that is a problem unique to me...

Reci attempts to solve that problem by turning recipe videos into a searchable, organized collection that we actually use.

## Why I Built This

Most recipe managers expect you to manually type in ingredients, categorize everything, and maintain your own database. That's too much work. I wanted something that my family actually wanted to engage with, KISS:

- **Works with video content**: Built specifically for recipe videos from YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, etc. Just paste a URL and it handles the rest.
- **Actually extracts recipes**: Uses AI to watch the video, read the comments, and extract everything—ingredients, instructions, tags, even cooking tips from the community. No manual data entry.
- **Easy to add**: The whole point is making it effortless to save recipes we find. Paste a URL, done.
- **Everyoen Shares Recipies**: A recipy added is visible and editable by all users, perfect for family and friends.
- **Easy to search**: Find recipes by ingredient ("what can I make with chicken and tomatoes?"), cuisine type, tags, or just browse. The recipes are actually discoverable.
- **Smart shopping lists**: Select multiple recipes and get a consolidated shopping list with ingredients grouped by category. Share it with family members.
- **Metric by default**: Automatically converts everything to metric units. No more "how many grams is 2 cups of flour?" moments.
- **Shareable**: Generate shareable links for shopping lists. Perfect for meal planning with family.

## What Makes This Different

**vs. Paprika/AnyList/RecipeBox**: Those are great for typed recipes, but they don't understand video content. Reci extracts recipes directly from video descriptions and comments.

**vs. YouTube Playlists**: Playlists are just links. Reci extracts the actual recipe data, making it searchable and usable even if the video gets deleted. Also can just contain youtube links.

**vs. Pinterest**: Pinterest is visual discovery, but terrible for actually cooking. Reci gives you structured ingredients and instructions, not just pretty pictures.

## Tech Stack

Built with TypeScript, React, and Vite. Uses shadcn/ui components for the UI, Prisma for the database, and OpenAI's API for recipe analysis. Backend is Express with PostgreSQL. Frontend is built with Vite and served via nginx as a reverse proxy that forwards API requests to the backend. Everything runs in Podman containers.

## Deployment

### Prerequisites

- Podman or Docker
- PostgreSQL database
- OpenAI API key (for recipe analysis)

### Environment Variables

**Backend** (`.env`):
```env
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://user:password@host:5432/reci_db"
OPENAI_API_KEY="your-openai-api-key"
JWT_SECRET="your-jwt-secret"
JWT_EXPIRES_IN="7d"
PORT=4000
```

**Frontend** (`.env`):
```env
VITE_API_BASE_URL=""
```

### Installation

1. **Clone the repo:**
```bash
git clone https://github.com/evolite/reci.git
cd reci
```

2. **Build and run with Podman:**
```bash
# Build images
podman build -t localhost/reci-backend:latest ./backend
podman build -t localhost/reci-frontend:latest ./frontend

# Start services
systemctl --user start reci-backend.service
systemctl --user start reci-frontend.service
systemctl --user start reci-db.service
```

Or with Docker:
```bash
# Build images
docker build -t reci-backend:latest ./backend
docker build -t reci-frontend:latest ./frontend

# Run with docker-compose or your preferred orchestration
```

Pre-built images are available on GitHub Container Registry:
- `ghcr.io/evolite/reci-backend:latest`
- `ghcr.io/evolite/reci-frontend:latest`

## Contributing

This is a personal project.

## License

MIT - Do whatever you want with it.

---

**Built for my family and me, for people who love cooking but hate organizing recipes.**

*This project was vibe coded. I make no guarantees about code quality, security, or reliability. That said i have used SonarQube in an attempt to validate quality, Use at your own risk anyway.*
